README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Furmissile/sqdash/main/Assets/Squirrel%20Dash%20Utils/git_welcome.gif" width="916" alt="Squirrel Dash">
</div>

# Welcome to Squirrel Dash!
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discord&message=Support%20Server&color=5865F2)](https://discord.gg/Dd8Te3HmPW)

## About
**Squirrel Dash** is a game inspired by squirrels' nutty behaviors! See life through the eyes of a squirrel in a fictitious world where you can:

* Explore new biomes
* Take on encounters and discover new storylines
* Tap into powers by eating enchanted acorns that enhance your abilities
* Steal other squirrel's resources and embrace your greedy side
* Join a guild (AKA scurry) to participate in group events & meet new people
* Evolve your squirrel to master the art of acorn foraging!

## Support
Squirrel Dash is currently undergoing a lot of revisioning and rebalancing. The bot is also not available to invite to any server -- yet. It is preferred that anyone interested use the bot via the support server for use.

To join, you can use the badge above or click [here](https://discord.gg/Dd8Te3HmPW)!

## Achknowledgements
This bot was made using the following libraries:
* [Concord](https://github.com/Cogmasters/concord) - Discord Interactions
* [Postgresql](https://www.postgresql.org) - Database Management

Much appreciation to the [Cogmasters](https://discord.gg/Q6GcH6r5Gt) team who answered my countless questions about not only how to use Concord, but also managed to teach me C and so much about databases!

## License
This project has a custom [license](https://github.com/Furmissile/sqdash/blob/main/LICENSE). Please check it out!

Commit message:

Added Disclaimer on Open Source

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Furmissile/sqdash/main/Assets/Squirrel%20Dash%20Utils/git_welcome.gif" width="916" alt="Squirrel Dash">
</div>

# Welcome to Squirrel Dash!
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discord&message=Support%20Server&color=5865F2)](https://discord.gg/Dd8Te3HmPW)

## About
**Squirrel Dash** is a game inspired by squirrels' nutty behaviors! See life through the eyes of a squirrel in a fictitious world where you can:

* Explore new biomes
* Take on encounters and discover new storylines
* Tap into powers by eating enchanted acorns that enhance your abilities
* Steal other squirrel's resources and embrace your greedy side
* Join a guild (AKA scurry) to participate in group events & meet new people
* Evolve your squirrel to master the art of acorn foraging!

## Support
Squirrel Dash is currently undergoing a lot of revisioning and rebalancing. The bot is also not available to invite to any server -- yet. It is preferred that anyone interested use the bot via the support server for use.

To join, you can use the badge above or click [here](https://discord.gg/Dd8Te3HmPW)!

## Achknowledgements
This bot was made using the following libraries:
* [Concord](https://github.com/Cogmasters/concord) - Discord Interactions
* [Postgresql](https://www.postgresql.org) - Database Management

Much appreciation to the [Cogmasters](https://discord.gg/Q6GcH6r5Gt) team who answered my countless questions about not only how to use Concord, but also managed to teach me C and so much about databases!

## Disclaimer on Open Source
This project is not designed to be edited or forked by other users. That being said, there are a few crucial files that are missing from this project such as a `main.c`, how the project gets compiled, and the utilities used for the support server. The only code that is maintained and posted are the mechanics relevant to the player as pertains to the license. Here you will find how all the features work, how the scales work, and even be able to locate outlines on how the mechanic is intended to work.

All questions, comments, and concerns should be brought to the support server so that they may be more adequately addressed.


## License
This project has a custom [license](https://github.com/Furmissile/sqdash/blob/main/LICENSE). Please check it out!
